Section Contents
v1.0

Section 1 - Header
Vishwanath Raman

About Me
Projects
Experience
Skills & Abilities
Languages
Contact

Section 2
About Me

I'm a software engineer primarily interested in programming. C++ is my most comfortable language,
but I have experience working with other languages such as Python, C#, Matlab, Javascript, and Kotlin
My fields of interest include computer graphics, computational biology, biomedical visualization, biomedical engineering, 
machine learning, and video games.

"Theme inspired by PvG?"

Section 3
Projects

Section 4
Experience

Career
Software Engineer
Sterling Medical Devices
April 2018 - September 2018
- Developed front end and back end using C# WPF in an application to be used for clinical trial, using the MVVM architecture.
- Performed static analysis and unit testing using SciTools Understand and Tessy 4.0 on a native C code base.
- Prepared documents required for 510(k) submissions to the FDA using company guidelines.
- Followed agile development using Polarion.

Software Engineer
Baxter International Inc.
September 2016 - August 2016
- Developed software for the SIGMA Spectrum Infusion Pump.
- Debugged and develop WiFi protocols (TCP/UDP) for Pump interaction.
- Created GUI for pump interface using C# WPF and LINQ.
- Automated software test procedures using C# for Master Drug Library Editor (MDL).
- Followed agile development using JIRA.

Research Assistant
Dr. Joe Geigel - Rochester Institute of Technology
September 2014 - September 2015
- Contributor to the publication that stemmed from this research project: "Dynamic Functional Assessment of Hand Motion Using an Animation Glove: The Effect of Stenosing Tenosynovitis." Oct 2017.
- Helped run the CyberGlove II for capturing joint velocities and range of motion of hands, to treat carpal tunnel syndrome and trigger finger, using Qt.
- Wrote scripts as required to run and record the CyberGlove MoCap software.
- Interacted with the doctors from University of Rochester and CyberGlove to decide requirements and feasibility. (Qt, C++, Python)

Research Assistant
Dr. Joe Geigel - Rochester Institute of Technology
January 2015 - May 2015
- Attempt to integrate Faceshift Studio (now discontinued) and The Eye Tribe to create real time mapping of facial features and eye gaze using virtual world clients.
- Setting up OpenSimulator and Firestorm.
- Worked with a modeler (Dr. Marla Schweppe) to identify and get the correct blendshapes for importing into Unity 3D.
- A part of this project was used at the Rochester Street Light Festival. An actor sat in front of a sensor, whose facial features controlled a custom model projected on the face of a building. (Video or pictures available upon request)

Research Assistant
Dr. Linwei Wang - Rochester Institute of Technology
June 2014 - January 2015
- Application and analysis of existing machine learning techniques to predict the ablation site for treatment of ventricular tachycardia.
- Application of algorithms like lasso, ridge regression, multi-task learning.
- Pre-processing and analysis of ECG waveforms (detrending, denoising, constant offset, etc)
- Master's thesis topic.
(MATLAB, Python)

Education
Rochester Institute of Technology
Master of Science, Computer Science

University of Mumbai,
Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Engineering

Section 5
Skills

C++ 4.5
Python 4.5
Matlab 4.5
C# 3.5
HTML 3
CSS 3
Javascript 3
Kotlin 2
Hidden Qt 2

Tools & Frameworks
Blender 3
Autodesk Maya 3
Scikit-learn 3
OpenGL 3

Section 6
Languages

Tamil (Spoken)
Hindi
Marathi
French
English

Section 7 - Footer
Contact
Linkedin
Github
Gmail

